OPENNLP-1621: Add a README to the root of the Sandbox projects (#172)
apache/opennlp-sandbox: README.md

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/apache/opennlp-sandbox)](https://github.com/apache/opennlp-sandbox/graphs/contributors)
[![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/apache/opennlp-sandbox.svg)](https://github.com/apache/opennlp-sandbox/pulls)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/stack%20overflow-opennlp-f1eefe.svg)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/opennlp)

The Apache OpenNLP library is a machine learning based toolkit for the processing of natural language text.

This sandbox of the toolkit is written mostly in Java and provides support for special NLP tasks, such as 
word sense disambiguation, coreference resolution, text summarization, and more!
These tasks are usually required to build text processing services.

The goal of the OpenNLP sandbox is to provide extra components, potentially in an experimental stage.

OpenNLP sandbox code can be used both programmatically through its Java API, some components even from a terminal through its CLI.

## Useful Links

For additional information, visit the [OpenNLP Home Page](http://opennlp.apache.org/)

> You can use OpenNLP with any language, demo models are provided [here](http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use OpenNLP with any language, demo models are provided [here](https://downloads.apache.org/opennlp/models/).
```

Author: Note: README for OpenNLP-tools (core project) requires that change as well.

@jzonthemtn @rzo1
